Luo Delay, are things done?
My lord, I will represent Longteng Group the day after tomorrow
Hold an invited tenders dinner
Then I will announce your daughter Shi Ran Ran
Become the only important aspect of this Empire State Building project
As long as he gets this
Contract for the 100 billion project
He will become the new rule of the sea market
At that time, I will continue to escort him.
Until he became a national sensation
I had been worried that he was powerful and arrogant
Can only support secretly
Now that I'm going back
It's time to tell him who I really am
I hope he doesn't blame me for hiding it for so many years
The Emperor Ran Ran is your daughter
How can children in the world blame their parents?
Yes!
Master, if you hadn't been secretly assisting him
He certainly won't be where he is now
You gave birth to him and raised him
Everything he has is given by you.
You don't understand.
Parents
You only worry that you are not giving enough to your children.
Vermilion Bird and Phoenix Hall
Order the phoenix order of the heavy hall to be handed over to my daughter
So that I can leave you in peace
He's coming back tomorrow.
Then I will tell him my identity
Hey, Aunt Yun
You've been shopping since early in the morning
So many dishes are enough for several of us to eat
Don't do it, take a break
Ran Ran has been busy with work
I finally came back
And there was this sweet and sour fish he liked in the kitchen.
That's what I went to the vegetable market to buy early
The freshly caught fish is fresh
It'll be fine soon, I'll be there. Hmm.
You're back!
This is your friend, right?
The food just came out of the pot
Eat while it's hot
No need, I'll leave after packing up.
Here it is.
What does that mean?
You don't understand this
Ran Ran wants to break off the mother-daughter relationship with you?
Are you okay?